 How long does it take for a letter to get to America from Beijing?
 You've got an express mail
 To make it fast, you can send a fax
 My mother has sent me a registered letter, I guess she has something important to tell me
 I find my name on the blackboard
 Do you want to airmail it or not? 
 I drop the letter into the mailbox in front of the Post Office
 You look radiant tonight
 It was a terrible experience
 I am on top of the world
 The dinner was wonderful
 The Christmas tree is gorgeous
 What a boring movie it is! 
 How can he give us such a tedious lecture! 
 How fragrant the flowers are! 
 The party is making too much noise
 You look elegant in that dress
 The coat doesn't suit you
 His flattery makes me sick
 We had a good time
 We enjoyed ourselves very much
 I am bored to death
 This house is for rent
 It's really a bargain
 I want to rent a furnished house
 That house is for sale
 What kind of furniture do you like? 
 This is a rather old house
 I want an apartment with two bedrooms and a kitchen
 The houses downtown are very expensive
 How much is the rent for a month? 
 I feel at home living here
 We have a few kitchen things and a dining room set
 There's no gas range in the kitchen, but you can use the electric stove
 There is a shower in the bathroom
 I have a dog, but it's very quiet
 The room has a big closet
 What will you wear for the party? 
 I'll wear my blue dress
 Don't you think it's too formal? 
 Why? What will you wear? 
 Just my shirt and jeans
 You should have your suit cleaned and ironed
 You'd better put on your jacket
 The blouse no longer fits me
 My son has outgrown these trousers
 The shoes are worn-out
 I don't like wearing the uniform
 Do you want to change before the banquet? 
 Your shoe lace is loose
 You forgot to fasten the collar buttons
 Take off your hat
 He is a very creative student
 What you have said about this is very interesting
 I cannot agree with you on this point
 You've got the point
 That's the point
 The whole class is in a heated discussion
 Let's just run through the arguments for and against
 Please sum up what you said just now
 Has anybody else anything to say on this? 
 Does anybody share David's opinion? 
 Is there any evidence to support what you have said? 
 Well, it depends
 I don't think it's necessary for us to discuss this question any further
 There are always two sides to everything
 Finally, we came to an agreement
 I want to be a journalist after graduation
 If it doesn't rain tomorrow, we'll have a picnic
 As soon as he comes, we'll let him know
 You can stay as long as you pay the rent on time
 When she leaves, he'll cry for a day
 She will go into business when she likes to
 I'll leave for London if I finish my work today
 I'll work for 5 years and then go back to school
 He will become a writer if he goes on doing well in writing
 I hope he will meet me at the airport
 I'm thinking of quitting the job
 I plan to learn photography
 What do you say we have a party this weekend? 
 She will certainly remain single
 He will probably follow in his father's footsteps
 I would have had a much better holiday if I had stayed at home
 What have you been doing since I saw you last time?
 If I had got enough money yesterday, I would have bought that tape
 Looking back on it, I think I shouldn't have given up the contest so easily
 Had I taken a taxi, I wouldn't have been late
 Even if you take the exam again, you won't pass it
 Even if you had given him much more money, he might not have paid off the debt
 What would you have done if you hadn't gone out for a picnic yesterday?
 I wish I had told him the truth
 I wish you hadn't cheated me
 If it had been fine, we would have gone to the park
 Would he have seen you if you hadn't waved to him?
 You should have studied much harder
 I had thought about arguing with the teacher about that, but I didn't have enough courage
 I had thought about living with my grandparents when my parents went abroad last year
 What's your favorite sport? 
 I like football best
 Football is my favorite
 Which do you prefer, fishing or mountain-climbing? 
 Neither
 What do you like best, apples, pears, or bananas? 
 He's crazy about Michael Jordan
 She hates boxing
 She is sick of watching boxing
 She has good taste in clothes
 What do you like to do in your spare time? 
 I like collecting stamps
 I prefer tea to coffee
 What do you dislike most about this movie? 
 I would rather sleep than watch this movie
 You should take the advice of your teacher
 That's just what I was looking for
 It might be, I suppose
 Good try, but not quite right
 That's rather disappointing
 In my opinion, your new coat is not worth so much money
 Would you mind not spitting everywhere? 
 It's only a suggestion, you don't have to take it
 If you really want my advice I don't think you should quit school
 Thanks for your advice but I have to consider it myself
 He does not pay attention to anybody
 I am old enough to make up my own mind
 Your work seems not satisfactory
 What about your opinion? 
 I generally agree with you
 Would you open the door for me, please? 
 With pleasure
 Would you mind opening the window? 
 Not at all
 I wondered if you could buy me some pencils? 
 Sure
 Would you be so kind as to lend me some money? 
 No problem
 I hope I'm not bothering you
 I hope that will not cause you too much trouble
 I really appreciate your help
 I don't want to put you to any trouble
 Excuse me, would you give me a hand? 
 I'd be glad to help
 Would you mind mailing this letter for me? 
 I have so many things to do before I leave
 I have to drop by the bank to get some money
 Traveler's check's are very convenient for long-distance travel
 Do you have anything to declare? 
 You have to apply for a passport in advance
 You don't have to pay any duty on personal belongings
 Make it an hour and a half
 Shall we ask Betty to join us? 
 I put myself entirely in your hands
 Can you tell me the phone number of the inquiry office?
 Do you like to take a local train or an express? 
 I have bought a ticket for a sleeper
 Have you reserved your ticket? 
 I would never have thought of it if you hadn't mentioned it
 I will see you off at the railway station
 Where are you from? 
 What's your nationality? 
 What's your motherland? 
 Are you a native Chinese? 
 What's the population of China? 
 How many provinces do you have? 
 What's the capital of your country? 
 I come from Japan
 I was born in China and brought up in the U
 My country has an area of 500,000 square kilometers
 The capital of my country id Beijing
 We have 50 provinces
 My country is rich in natural resources
 That nation is famous for its tourism
 The biggest festival in my country is the Spring Festival
 Geographically, China is located in the Northern Hemisphere
 In this country, the weather is usually very awful
 It is a very beautiful country with many mountains
 This country is famous for its beautiful lakes
 The land in this region is rather dry and parched
 Along the northern coast of this continent, there are many crags
 In Brazil, many ancient forests are very well preserves
 Lumbering is very important in some underdeveloped countries
 The scenery is very beautiful in the small islands in the Pacific Oceans
 What kind of climate do you have in this country? 
 In the west of America, there are many high peeks and deep canyons
 Which one is the longest river in China? 
 Do you get much rain in summer? 
 Is the plain along the river good for farming? 
 It's cold and foggy in London at this time of the year
 Every one must receive 9 years of compulsory education
 Children enter primary school at the age of 7
 Some students quit school due to poverty
 There is fierce competition in the college Entrance Examination
 He majored in Computers
 She is working for her double major in English and Economics
 I graduated from Yale University 5 years ago
 It is desirable to apply to good schools
 Mary is in her freshman year
 Lily is a Sophomore now
 Mike is already a junior
 As a senior, Peter is writing his thesis
 In Britain, there are open universities
 There are many training classed and night classes
 What does your father do? 
 He is a doctor
 Do you have any plan for your career? 
 I want to be a pilot of possible
 I hope that I can get a decent job with a good salary
 I have an interview next week
 Tom has opened his own business while his classmates are still slogging away at school
 I like writing, but I wouldn't take it as my career
 I worked as an intern in that firm last summer
 He's a very efficient young man though a little proud
 He made a successful career in business
 My cousin has just been promoted to the rank of major
 He is a manager of a famous corporation
 The statesman retired as the mayor of New York
 He was appointed president of the committee recently
 This area is noted for its rich soil
 The place is too stony for farming
 In the flat country, people grow wheat and raise cattle
 He has bought 10 tractors for the village
 What's the typical farm product in this region? 
 At this time of the year farmers begin to plow their fields
 Have you milked the cows? 
 Pile the hay in the corner
 What's the average yearly output of cars in your factory?
 The meat packing industry is developing fast
 Car manufacturers are having a bad time
 State-owned enterprises are getting out of difficulty
 How many workshops are there in your factory? 
 The computer industry is booming
 The information industry helps boost the global economy
 Do you have any hobbies? 
 What are you interested in? 
 What are your interests? 
 What do you do in your spare time? 
 How do you spend your evenings? 
 Lots of people like stamp collecting
 I am a Michael Jordan fan
 Does his film appeal to you? 
 Do you go on picnics? 
 I particularly like English literature
 What's so interesting about football? We girls don't like it
 She has a particular interest in painting
 I often take my mind off my work by reading an interesting novel
 He plays violin just for enjoyment
 Photography is an expensive hobby
 What's your favorite sport? 
 I like football
 What position do you play? 
 I'm a catcher
 Our team beat their team yesterday
 We are sure to defeat them
 How many years have you been playing pingpong? 
 My favorite winter sport is skiing
 The basketball championship is exciting
 I was on the track team 10 years ago
 I prefer fishing to swimming
 She is a member of the ski club
 The hardest thing to learn is to be a good loser
 My class went camping last summer
 He's good at lifting weights
 I subscribed to a lot of periodicals last year
 Tom reads newspapers in the afternoon
 What kind of newspapers do you read? 
 Newspapers and periodicals keep me updated on current affairs
 What column do you like best? 
 Which do you like better, the news or the editorial? 
 Do you read advertisements too? 
 I recommend to you Time and Newsweek
 Fashion is a very popular magazine in America
 What's the circulation of this magazine? 
 Why don't you put an advertisement in the paper to sell that old car?
 I once took a part-time job delivering the Evening Post
 Have you read the article about the rescue of the hostage?
 There was much news in the morning paper today
 My friend Tom is a reporter for the New York Times
 What channel are you watching now? 
 There's TV coverage of the NBA tournament
 Do you have a TV guide? 
 You'll be on air in two minutes
 Channel 5 is off the air now
 Turn up your radio please
 We can't get good pictures on our TV set
 Can this radio receive short-wave? 
 If you install an outside antenna, you will have better reception
 Turn down the radio please
 We'll have a soap opera series on TV this week
 Please tune in next time
 We're broadcasting from London
 You can receive our program at short wave 37
 There's too much static
 What's your favorite music? 
 Do you often go to a concert? 
 I hate Jazz
 Do you like pop music? 
 I have never heard the piece before, who wrote it? 
 What do you think of their skill? 
 I find classical concerts more to my liking than rock concerts
 I've never read a more stirring story
 He has a passion for literature
 I am most attracted by Dickens
 I never grow tired of novels though I read them everyday
 On Sundays I often spend some time reading in the library
 What do think about this poem? 
 I like Shakespeare better than Milton
