In Britain, there are open universities
 There are many training classes and night classes
 What does your father do? 
 He is a doctor
 Do you have any plan for your career? 
 I want to be a pilot of possible
 I hope that I can get a decent job with a good salary
 I have an interview next week
 Tom has opened his own business while his classmates are still slogging away at school
 I like writing, but I wouldn't take it as my career
 I worked as an intern in that firm last summer
 He's a very efficient young man though a little proud
 He made a successful career in business
 My cousin has just been promoted to the rank of major
 He is a manager of a famous corporation
 The statesman retired as the mayor of New York
 He was appointed president of the committee recently
 This area is noted for its rich soil
 The place is too stony for farming
 In the flat country, people grow wheat and raise cattle
 He has bought 10 tractors for the village
 What's the typical farm product in this region? 
 At this time of the year farmers begin to plow their fields
 Have you milked the cows? 
 Pile the hay in the corner
 What's the average yearly output of cars in your factory?
 The meat packing industry is developing fast
 Car manufacturers are having a bad time
 State-owned enterprises are getting out of difficulty
 How many workshops are there in your factory? 
 The computer industry is booming
 The information industry helps boost the global economy
 Do you have any hobbies? 
 What are you interested in? 
 What are your interests? 
 What do you do in your spare time? 
 How do you spend your evenings? 
 Lots of people like stamp collecting
 I am a Michael Jordan fan
 Does his film appeal to you? 
 Do you go on picnics? 
 I particularly like English literature
 What's so interesting about football? We girls don't like it
 She has a particular interest in painting
 I often take my mind off my work by reading an interesting novel
 He plays violin just for enjoyment
 Photography is an expensive hobby
 What's your favorite sport? 
 I like football
 What position do you play? 
 I'm a catcher
 Our team beat their team yesterday
 We are sure to defeat them
 How many years have you been playing pingpong? 
 My favorite winter sport is skiing
 The basketball championship is exciting
 I was on the track team 10 years ago
 I prefer fishing to swimming
 She is a member of the ski club
 The hardest thing to learn is to be a good loser
 My class went camping last summer
 He's good at lifting weights
 I subscribed to a lot of periodicals last year
 Tom reads newspapers in the afternoon
 What kind of newspapers do you read? 
 Newspapers and periodicals keep me updated on current affairs
 What column do you like best? 
 Which do you like better, the news or the editorial? 
 Do you read advertisements too? 
 I recommend to you Time and Newsweek
 Fashion is a very popular magazine in America
 What's the circulation of this magazine? 
 Why don't you put an advertisement in the paper to sell that old car?
 I once took a part-time job delivering the Evening Post
 Have you read the article about the rescue of the hostage?
 There was much news in the morning paper today
 My friend Tom is a reporter for the New York Times
 What channel are you watching now? 
 There's TV coverage of the NBA tournament
 Do you have a TV guide? 
 You'll be on air in two minutes
 Channel 5 is off the air now
 Turn up your radio please
 We can't get good pictures on our TV set
 Can this radio receive short-wave? 
 If you install an outside antenna, you will have better reception
 Turn down the radio please
 We'll have a soap opera series on TV this week
 Please tune in next time
 We're broadcasting from London
 You can receive our program at short wave 37
 There's too much static
 What's your favorite music? 
 Do you often go to a concert? 
 I hate Jazz
 Do you like pop music? 
 I have never heard the piece before, who wrote it? 
 What do you think of their skill? 
 I find classical concerts more to my liking than rock concerts
 I've never read a more stirring story
 He has a passion for literature
 I am most attracted by Dickens
 I never grow tired of novels though I read them everyday
 On Sundays I often spend some time reading in the library
 What do think about this poem? 
 I like Shakespeare better than Milton
