
For me they normally happen,these career crises, often, actually, on a Sunday evening, just as the sun is starting to set, and the gap between my hopes for myself and the reality of my life starts to diverge so painfully that I normally end upweeping into a pillow. 
I'm mentioning all this -- I'm mentioning all this because I think this is not merely a personal problem; you may think I'm wrong in this, but I think we live in an agewhen our lives are regularly punctuated by career crises, by moments when what we thought we knew -- about our lives, about our careers -- comes into contactwith a threatening sort of reality. 
It's perhaps easier now than ever beforeto make a good living. It's perhaps harder than ever before to stay calm, to be freeof career anxiety. I want to look now, if I may,at some of the reasons why we might be feeling anxiety about our careers. Why we might be victims of these career crises, as we're weeping softly into our pillows. One of the reasons why we might be suffering is that we are surrounded by snobs. 
In a way, I've got some bad news, particularly to anybodywho's come to Oxford from abroad. There's a real problem with snobbery, because sometimes peoplefrom outside the U.K. imagine that snobbery is a distinctively U.K. phenomenon, fixated on country houses and titles. The bad news is that's not true. Snobbery is a global phenomenon;we are a global organization, this is a global phenomenon. What is a snob? A snob is anybody who takesa small part of you, and uses that to cometo a complete vision of who you are. That is snobbery. 
The dominant kind of snobbery that exists nowadays is job snobbery. You encounter it within minutesat a party, when you get asked that famous iconic questionof the early 21st century, "What do you do?" According to how you answer that question, people are either incredibly delighted to see you, or look at their watch and make their excuses.
Now, the opposite of a snobis your mother.
Not necessarily your mother,or indeed mine, but, as it were, the ideal mother, somebody who doesn't careabout your achievements. Unfortunately, most people are not our mothers. Most people make a strict correlation between how much time, and if you like, love -- not romantic love,though that may be something -- but love in general, respect --they are willing to accord us, that will be strictly definedby our position in the social hierarchy. 
And that's a lot of the reasonwhy we care so much about our careers and indeed start caringso much about material goods. You know, we're often toldthat we live in very materialistic times, that we're all greedy people. I don't think we areparticularly materialistic. I think we live in a society which hassimply pegged certain emotional rewards to the acquisition of material goods. It's not the material goods we want;it's the rewards we want. It's a new way of looking at luxury goods. The next time you see somebodydriving a Ferrari, don't think, "This is somebody who's greedy." Think, "This is somebody who is incredibly vulnerable and in need of love."
Feel sympathy, rather than contempt. 
There are other reasons --
There are other reasons why it's perhaps harder now to feel calm than ever before. One of these, and it's paradoxical, because it's linked to something that's rather nice, is the hope we all have for our careers. Never before have expectations been so high about what human beings canachieve with their lifespan. We're told, from many sources,that anyone can achieve anything. We've done away with the caste system, we are now in a system where anyonecan rise to any position they please. And it's a beautiful idea. Along with that is a kind of spirit of equality; we're all basically equal. There are no strictly defined hierarchies. There is one really big problem with this, and that problem is envy. Envy, it's a real taboo to mention envy, but if there's one dominant emotionin modern society, that is envy. And it's linked to the spirit of equality. 
Let me explain. I think it would be very unusualfor anyone here, or anyone watching, to be envious of the Queen of England. Even though she is much richerthan any of you are, and she's got a very large house, the reason why we don't envy heris because she's too weird.
She's simply too strange. We can't relate to her,she speaks in a funny way, she comes from an odd place. So we can't relate to her, and when you can't relateto somebody, you don't envy them. 
The closer two people are --in age, in background, in the process of identification --the more there's a danger of envy, which is incidentally why none of youshould ever go to a school reunion, because there is no stronger reference point than people one was at school with. The problem of modern society isit turns the whole world into a school. Everybody's wearing jeans,everybody's the same. And yet, they're not. So there's a spirit of equality combined with deep inequality, which can make fora very stressful situation. 
It's probably as unlikely that you would nowadays become as rich and famous as Bill Gates, as it was unlikely in the 17th century that you would accede to the ranksof the French aristocracy. But the point is,it doesn't feel that way. It's made to feel, by magazinesand other media outlets, that if you've got energy, a few brightideas about technology, a garage -- you, too, could start a major thing.
The consequences of this problem make themselves felt in bookshops. When you go to a large bookshopand look at the self-help sections, as I sometimes do -- if you analyze self-help books produced in the world today, there are basically two kinds. The first kind tells you, "You can do it! You can make it! Anything's possible!" The other kind tells you how to cope withwhat we politely call "low self-esteem," or impolitely call,"feeling very bad about yourself." 
There's a real correlation between a society that tells peoplethat they can do anything, and the existence of low self-esteem. So that's another way in which something quite positive can have a nasty kickback. There is another reason whywe might be feeling more anxious -- about our careers, about our statusin the world today, than ever before. And it's, again, linked to something nice. And that nice thing is called meritocracy. 
Everybody, all politicianson Left and Right, agree that meritocracy is a great thing, and we should all be trying to makeour societies really, really meritocratic. In other words --what is a meritocratic society? A meritocratic society is one in which,if you've got talent and energy and skill, you will get to the top,nothing should hold you back. It's a beautiful idea. The problem is, if youreally believe in a society where those who merit to getto the top, get to the top, you'll also, by implication,and in a far more nasty way, believe in a society where thosewho deserve to get to the bottom also get to the bottom and stay there. In other words, your position in lifecomes to seem not accidental, but merited and deserved. And that makes failureseem much more crushing. 
You know, in the Middle Ages, in England, when you met a very poor person, that person would be describedas an "unfortunate" -- literally, somebody who had notbeen blessed by fortune, an unfortunate. Nowadays, particularlyin the United States, if you meet someoneat the bottom of society, they may unkindly bedescribed as a "loser." There's a real differencebetween an unfortunate and a loser, and that shows 400 yearsof evolution in society and our belief in whois responsible for our lives. It's no longer the gods, it's us.We're in the driving seat. 
That's exhilarating if you're doing well, and very crushing if you're not. It leads, in the worst cases -- in the analysis of a sociologistlike Emil Durkheim -- it leads to increased rates of suicide. There are more suicidesin developed, individualistic countries than in any other part of the world. And some of the reason for that is that people take what happens to themextremely personally -- they own their success,but they also own their failure. 
Is there any relieffrom some of these pressures that I've been outlining? I think there is. I just want to turn to a few of them. Let's take meritocracy. This idea that everybody deservesto get where they get to, I think it's a crazy idea,completely crazy. I will support any politicianof Left and Right, with any halfway-decent meritocratic idea; I am a meritocrat in that sense. But I think it's insane to believe that we will ever make a societythat is genuinely meritocratic; it's an impossible dream. 
The idea that we will make a societywhere literally everybody is graded, the good at the top, bad at the bottom, exactly done as itshould be, is impossible. There are simply too many random factors: accidents, accidents of birth, accidents of things droppingon people's heads, illnesses, etc. We will never get to grade them, never get to grade people as they should. 
I'm drawn to a lovely quoteby St. Augustine in "The City of God," where he says, "It's a sinto judge any man by his post." In modern English that would mean it's a sin to come to any viewof who you should talk to, dependent on their business card. It's not the post that should count. According to St. Augustine, only Godcan really put everybody in their place; he's going to do thaton the Day of Judgment, with angels and trumpets,and the skies will open. Insane idea, if you'rea secularist person, like me. But something very valuablein that idea, nevertheless. 
In other words, hold your horses when you're coming to judge people. You don't necessarily know what someone's true value is. That is an unknown part of them, and we shouldn't behaveas though it is known. There is another source of solace and comfort for all this. When we think about failing in life,when we think about failure, one of the reasons why we fear failing is not just a loss of income,a loss of status. What we fear is the judgment and ridicule of others. And it exists. 
The number one organ of ridicule,nowadays, is the newspaper. If you open the newspaper any day of the week, it's full of people who've messed up their lives. They've slept with the wrong person,taken the wrong substance, passed the wrong piece of legislation -- whatever it is, and thenare fit for ridicule. In other words, they have failed. And they are described as "losers." Now, is there any alternative to this? I think the Western tradition shows us one glorious alternative, which is tragedy. 
Tragic art, as it developed in the theaters of ancient Greece, in the fifth century B.C.,was essentially an art form devoted to tracing how people fail, and also according thema level of sympathy, which ordinary life would not necessarily accord them. A few years ago,I was thinking about this, and I went to "The Sunday Sport," a tabloid newspaper I don’t recommend you start reading if you're not familiar with it already.
And I went to talk to them about certain of the great tragedies of Western art. I wanted to see how they would seize the bare bones of certain stories, if they came in as a news itemat the news desk on a Saturday afternoon. 
I mentioned Othello; they'd notheard of it but were fascinated.
I asked them to writea headline for the story. They came up with "Love-CrazedImmigrant Kills Senator's Daughter." Splashed across the headline. I gave them the plotline of Madame Bovary. Again, a book they were enchanted to discover. And they wrote "Shopaholic AdulteressSwallows Arsenic After Credit Fraud."
And then my favorite -- they really do have a kind of geniusof their own, these guys -- my favorite is Sophocles'Oedipus the King: "Sex With Mum Was Blinding."
In a way, if you like, at one end of the spectrum of sympathy, you've got the tabloid newspaper. At the other end of the spectrum,you've got tragedy and tragic art. And I suppose I'm arguing that we should learn a little bit about what's happening in tragic art. It would be insane to call Hamlet a loser. He is not a loser, though he has lost. And I think that is the message of tragedy to us, and why it's so very,very important, I think. 
The other thing about modern society and why it causes this anxiety, is that we have nothing at its centerthat is non-human. We are the first society to be living in a world where we don't worship anything other than ourselves. We think very highly of ourselves,and so we should; we've put people on the Moon,done all sorts of extraordinary things. And so we tend to worship ourselves.Our heroes are human heroes. That's a very new situation. Most other societies have had,right at their center, the worship of something transcendent: a god, a spirit, a natural force, the universe, whatever it is --something else that is being worshiped. We've slightly lostthe habit of doing that, which is, I think, why we'reparticularly drawn to nature. Not for the sake of our health,though it's often presented that way, but because it's an escapefrom the human anthill. It's an escape from our own competition, and our own dramas. And that's why we enjoy lookingat glaciers and oceans, and contemplating the Earthfrom outside its perimeters, etc. We like to feel in contactwith something that is non-human, and that is so deeply important to us. 
What I think I've been talkingabout really is success and failure. And one of the interestingthings about success is that we think we know what it means. If I said that there's somebodybehind the screen who's very successful, certain ideas wouldimmediately come to mind. You'd think that personmight have made a lot of money, achieved renown in some field. My own theory of success -- I'm somebody who'svery interested in success, I really want to be successful, always thinking,how can I be more successful? But as I get older, I'm also very nuanced about what that word "success" might mean. 
Here's an insightthat I've had about success: You can't be successful at everything. We hear a lot of talk about work-life balance. Nonsense. You can't have it all. You can't. So any vision of success has to admit what it's losing out on, where the element of loss is. And I think any wise life will accept, as I say, that there is going to bean element where we're not succeeding. 
And the thing about a successful lifeis that a lot of the time, our ideas of what it would meanto live successfully are not our own. They're sucked in from other people; chiefly, if you're a man, your father,and if you're a woman, your mother. Psychoanalysis has been drumming home this message for about 80 years. No one's quite listening hard enough,but I very much believe it's true. 
And we also suck in messagesfrom everything from the television, to advertising, to marketing, etc. These are hugely powerful forces that define what we want and how we view ourselves. When we're told that bankingis a very respectable profession, a lot of us want to go into banking. When banking is no longer so respectable,we lose interest in banking. We are highly open to suggestion. 
So what I want to argue foris not that we should give up on our ideas of success, but we should make sure that they are our own. We should focus in on our ideas, and make sure that we own them; that we are truly the authorsof our own ambitions. Because it's bad enoughnot getting what you want, but it's even worse to havean idea of what it is you want, and find out, at the end of the journey, that it isn't, in fact,what you wanted all along. 
So, I'm going to end it there. But what I really want to stress is:by all means, success, yes. But let's accept the strangeness of some of our ideas. Let's probe away at our notions of success. Let's make sure our ideas of successare truly our own. 
Thank you very much.
