 Hello! / Hi! 你好！

 Good morning / afternoon / evening! 早晨（下午/晚上）好！

 I'm Kathy King

 Are you Peter Smith? 你是彼得·史密斯吗？

 Yes, I am

 How are you? 你好吗？

 Fine, thanks

 I'm fine, too

 How is Amy / your wife / your husband? 爱米好吗？/你妻子好吗？/你丈夫好吗？

 She is very well, thank you

 Good night, Jane

 Good-bye, Mike

 See you tomorrow

 See you later

 I have to go now

 May I come in? 我能进来吗？

 Come in, please

 Sit down, please

 It's time for class

 Open your books and turn to page 20

 I'll call the roll before class

 Here! 到！

 Has everybody got a sheet? 每个人都拿到材料了吗？

 Any different opinion? 有不同意见吗？

 Are you with me? 你们跟上我讲的了吗？

 Have I made myself clear? 我讲明白了吗？

 Could you say it again? 你能再说一遍吗？

 Any questions? 有什么问题吗？

 That's all for today

 Please turn in your paper before leaving

 What's this? 这是什么？

 It's a pen

 Is this your handbag? 这是你的手提包吗？

 No, it isn't

 Whose pen is this? 这是谁的笔？

 It's Kate's

 Is that a car? 那是一辆小汽车吗？

 No, it isn't

 What do you call this in English? 这个用英语怎么说？

 What is the color of your new book? 你的新书是什么颜色的？

 How big is your house? 你的房子有多大？

 How long is the street? 这条街有多长？

 What's the name of the cat? 这猫叫什么名字？

 Where's the company? 那个公司在哪儿？

 Which is the right size? 哪个尺码是对的？

 What's this? 这是什么？

 It's an air-conditioner

 Is this yours? 这是你的吗？

 Yes, it's mine

 Where are my glasses? 我的眼镜在哪儿？

 Do you know where I've put my glasses? 你知道我把眼镜搁哪儿了吗？

 Over there

 On the desk

 Is this your pen? I found it under the desk

 No

 Which is your bag? 哪个是你的包？

 The bigger one

 The one on your right

 Are these books all yours? 这些书全是你的吗？

 Some of them are mine

 Who are you? 你是谁？

 I'm Jim

 Who is the guy over there? 那边那个人是谁？

 He's Bob

 Is that girl a student? 那个女孩是学生吗？

 No, she isn't

 What do you do? 你是做什么的？

 I'm a farmer

 What does he do? 他是干什么的？

 He's a manager

 She must be a model, isn't? 她一定是个模特，不是吗？

 I really don't known

 I have no idea about it

 Can she be a driver? 她可能是个司机吗？

 Yes, I think so

 What's your name? 你叫什么名字？

 May I have your name? 能告诉我你的名字吗？

 My name is Thomas

 Just call me Tom

 What's your family name? 你姓什么？

 My family name is Ayneswonth

 How do you spell it? 怎么拼？

 Who is the lady in white? 穿白衣服的那位小姐是谁？

 Could you introduce me to her? 你能把我介绍给她吗？

 Rose, let me introduce my friend to you

 This is Tom

 Nice to meet you

 Nice to meet you, too

 Let me introduce myself

 How do you do? 你好！

 What day is it today? 今天星期几？

 It's Monday today

 What's the date today? 今天是几号？

 It's January the 15th, 1999

 What month is this? 现在是几月？

 It's December

 What year is this? 今年是哪一年？

 It's the year of 1999

 What will you do during this weekend? 这周末你干什么？

 Does the shop open at 9 am on weekdays? 这家店平日是早上9点开门吗？

 It opens at 8 am on weekdays, but at 9 at weekends

 What will you do the day after on next? 后天你干什么？

 What did you do the week before last? 上上星期你干了什么？

 I'll work for the next 5 days

 It's been 5 years since I last saw you

 Do you have a computer? 你有计算机吗？

 Yes, I do

 He has that book, doesn't he? 他有那本书，是吗？

 No, he doesn't

 Do you have any brothers or sisters? 你有兄弟或姐妹吗？

 No, I'm a single son

 Does your computer have a modem? 你的电脑有调制解调器吗？

 Do you have shampoo here? 这儿有香波卖吗？

 What a beautiful garden you have! 你的花园真漂亮。

 Any tickets left? 有剩票吗？

 Do you have glue? I need some here

 I have some left

 If you have more, please give me some

 Do you have my pencil? 你拿了我的铅笔吗？

 Yes, I have your eraser, too

 What time is it now? 现在几点？

 It's two o'clock

 It's a quarter past five

 It's ten minutes to four

 It's half past nine

 It's one o'clock sharp

 It's not four o'clock

 My watch says two o'clock

 My watch is two minutes fast

 What's the time by your watch? 你的表几点了？

 We must arrive there on time

 There are only two minutes left

 Can you finish your work ahead of time? 你能提前完成工作吗？

 The flight is delayed

 The meeting is put off

 What day is today? 今天星期几？

 Today is Monday

 What's the date today? 今天几号？

 Today is May 21st

 When were you born? 你什么时候出生的？

 I was born on September 1st, 1976

 What time? 什么时候？

 You name the time

 I'll meet you tomorrow

 Do you know the exact date? 你知道确切日期吗？

 Please check the date

 What were you doing this time last year? 去年这时候你在干什么？

 How long will the sale last? 折价销售多久？

 Only three days

 I'll be back in 5 days

 Hello

 Do you have an appointment? 你有预约吗？

 Sorry, I don't

 Yes

 Sorry, Mr

 He's on the phone

 Would you wait here for a minute? 您能在这里等一下吗？

 Would you like something to drink? 您想喝点什么吗？

 Tea, please

 Mr

 You may go in now

 Nice to see you, my old friend

 How have you been these years? 这些年你怎么样？

 You've changed little

 Do you still remember that Christmas? 你仍记得那个圣诞节吗？

 Do you speak English? 你会说英语吗？

 Yes, a little

 How long have you studied English? 你学英语多久了？

 He speaks English fluently

 Your English is very good

 You speak English pretty well

 Are you a native speaker of English? 你的母语是英语吗？

 My native language is Chinese

 He speaks with London accent

 He has a strong accent

 I have some difficulty in expressing myself

 I'm always confused with "s" and "th"

 Can you write in English? 你能用英文写文章吗？

 Your pronunciation is excellent

 How can I improve my spoken English? 我该怎样才能提高口语水平？

 What are you doing? 你在干什么？

 I'm reading a book

 I'm cooking

 Are you watching TV now? 你在看电视吗？

 Yes, I'm watching Channel 5

 No, I'm listening to the radio

 Where are you going? 你去哪儿？

 I'm going to work

 Who are you writing to? 你在给谁写信？

 I'm writing to an old friend

 What will you do this weekend? 这周末你将干什么？

 I'll go to a concert

 I'll go on an outing with some friends

 Do you like traveling? 你喜欢郊游吗？

 Yes, I like it a great deal/it very much

 How old are you? 你多大了？

 I'm twenty-two (years old)

 Mr

 I'm two years younger than my sister

 My elder sister is one year older than her husband

 He's the youngest in the family

 He looks much younger than he is

 I came here when I was 20

 I started school at the age of 6

 My father is over 60 years old

 Most of them are less than 30

 I guess he's about 30

 She's going to be 15 next month

 They'll have a party for their 10th wedding anniversary

 He's still a boy after all

 When do you get up everyday? 每天你几点起床？

 I usually get up at 8 o'clock

 Where do you have your lunch? 你在哪儿吃午饭？

 I have my lunch in a snack bar nearby

 What did you have for lunch? 你中午吃些什么？

 I had a hamburger and a fried chicken leg? 我吃一个汉堡包，一个炸鸡腿。

 What time do you start work? 你什么时候开始工作？

 I start work at 8 o'clock

 What do you do at work? 你上班干些什么？

 I answer telephones and do some typing

 What time do you finish your work? 你什么时候下班？

 At 6 o'clock sharp

 What do you do in your spare time? 闲暇时，你干些什么？

 I like listening to pop music

 I like playing football

 When did you get up yesterday morning? 你昨天早上几点起床？

 At about seven

 I heard the clock, but I didn't get up until 9

 I woke up seven and got up right away

 I hurried to my office

 I had my breakfast on the way

 I was just on time

 I was 10 minutes late

 I had lunch with a friend of mine

 I finished my work at 6 p

 I stayed and did some extra work

 The TV programs were really boring, so I went to bed very early

 I read a magazine in bed

 I didn't sleep well

 I slept soundly all night

 Hi, Joe, is it really you? 乔，你好，真是你吗？

 Hi, Ann

 It's been a whole year since I last saw you

 Yes, but you look as pretty now, as you did then

 Oh, thank you

 Not too bad

 But you sound so sad

 Yes, I lost my pet cat yesterday

 Oh, I'm sorry to hear that

 That's all right

 Have you seen Kate lately? 最近你看见凯特了吗？

 No, I have no contact with her

 I heard she got married last week

 Oh, how nice

 So do I

 I used to take a walk in the early morning

 He used to live in my neighborhood

 Did you use to go fishing with friends? 过去你常和朋友钓鱼吗？

 We have known each other for 6 years

 It has been a long time since last came here

 Have you seen Mr

 They've been working on this project since last year

 I've been watching TV all night

 The movie began as soon as we got there

 When I arrived at the station, the train had already left

 The late arrival of the ship had messed up all our plans

 I had thought he knew the time of the meeting

 They had excepted me to go with them

 That was the third time that I had visited the place

 After I had finished my paper, I put it in the drawer

 Hi, Jack, where do you live now? 你好，杰克，你现在住哪儿？

 I live at 203 Curzon Street

 Curzon Street? Isn't Mary living there? 可胜街？玛丽不是也住那儿吗？

 Yes, she lives just across the street

 How long have you stayed there? 你在那儿住多久了？

 Just a few months

 How about Mary? How long has she lived there? 玛丽怎么样？她在那儿住多

 She's been living there since her birth

 Will you stay there for long? 你会在那儿待很长时间吗？

 No, I'll move to Hollywood next month

 Oh, really? I'm moving there too

 Great

 Yes, and you may stay there longer

 I hope so

 I'm sure we'll have a good time

 Where are you going? 你去哪儿？

 Where did you go for dinner yesterday? 你们昨天去哪儿吃的饭？

 When will he come to see you? 他什么时候来看你？

 When did you buy the car? 你什么时候买的车？

 Who told you? 谁告诉你的？

 Who will accompany you to the airport? 谁将陪你去机场？

 Why don't you agree? 你为什么不同意？

 Why not go out for a walk? 干吗不出去散步？

 How did you doing spend your holiday? 你假期怎么过的？这句感觉非常别扭

 How are you doing these days? 这些日子你怎么样？

 What did he say in the letter? 他在信里说什么了？

 What are you going to do with the books? 你打算拿这些书怎么办？

 What were you doing when I called? 我打电话给你时你在干吗？

 I was about to leave

 Can you guess what I was doing this morning? 你能猜到今天上午我在做什么吗？

 What's the height of the building? 这座楼有多高？

 How much does the elephant weight? 这个大象有多重？

 What's the color of your new dress? 你的新衣服是什么颜色的？

 What's the size of your shoes? 你的鞋多大尺寸？

 My brother is twice as tall as your sister

 My grandma is 40 years older than me

 This river is one third as long as that river

 What's the shape of your balloon? 你的气球是什么形状？

 How wide is this bridge? 这座桥有多宽？

 How thick is the ice here? 这儿的冰有多厚？

 This metal is harder than that one

 He can run as fast as Jim

 Kate is smarter than I

 How long do you watch TV every day? 你每天看多长时间电视？

 How often do you go swimming? 你多久去游一次泳？

 Would you please open the door for me? 请你帮忙开个门好吗？

 May I ask you a question? 我能问你个问题吗？

 Please give me a hand

 Could you do me a favor? 能请你帮个忙吗？

 Would you help me remove the refrigerator? 能帮忙移一下冰箱吗？

 Get me my coat, please

 Make me a cup of coffee, will you? 给我冲杯咖啡，好吗？

 Call me tomorrow if you have time

 Could you tell me where I can find these books? 您能告诉我在哪儿能找到

 Certainly

 Witch pleasure

 I'm sorry

 I'm glad to, but I'm afraid I don't have the time

 Would you mind closing the window for me? 能帮我关一下窗户吗？（你介意

 Not at all

 Excuse me, madam

 It's just around the corner

 Excuse me, how can I get to the bus station? 对不起，汽车站怎么走？

 You can take the bus and get off at the second stop

 Excuse me

 Go straight ahead and turn left at the second crossing

 Excuse me

 Go on for about 100 meters

 Which one is Mr

 It's Room 201 on the second floor

 Can I use the lift? 我能用电梯吗？

 Sorry, it's broken

 Where are the stairs? 楼梯在哪里呢？

 Go along the corridor and it's on your right side

 Thank you for directions

 Are you married? 你结婚了吗？

 I'm single

 You have a younger brother, don't you? 你有个弟弟，是吗？

 How is your family? 你的家人怎么样？

 She's engaged/married to John

 How long have you been married? 你们结婚多久了？

 We've been married for 2 years

 My parents got married in 1954

 Mary gave birth to a baby last week

 They've been divorced

 His wife died a year ago

 My aunt will come to live with me for some days

 John has his own family now

 Do you live with your parents? 你和你父母住一起吗？

 No

 Do you know Mary? 你认识玛丽吗？

 Sure

 Really? I was introduced to her just last weekend

 What is she doing now? 她现在干些什么呢？

 She told me she wanted to start a company

 Start a company? But I thought she would be a scholar

 People are always changing, aren't they? 人总是在变，不是吗？

 Yes, you're right

 But she doesn't have much experience

 You two don't have much contact？ 你们俩没怎么联系吗？

 No, I only wrote her one letter this year

 And she? 她呢？

 She sent me a Christmas card last year

 Oh, that's not good

 Yes, we should try to contact more

 What time are you going to leave for the airport tomorrow?

 Is he coming to dinner? 他回来吃饭吗？

 I'm going to the bookstore

 They're going to discuss it at the meeting next Friday

 I'll be waiting for you at the restaurant this time tomorrow

 After I get home, I'll call you

 How will you spend the evening? 你晚上干什么？

 I'll probably stay home and watch TV

 What's your plan for the summer holiday? 暑假计划干什么？

 I'm thinking about a visit to Paris

 There's going to be a pottery exhibition at the art gallery

 You are still thinking about a Ph

 What will you do about it? 你会拿这事怎么办？

 What do you want to do after graduation? 你毕业后想干什么？

 I'll further my study

 Have you heard the weather forecast? 你听天气预报了吗？

 No, what does it say? 没有，它说什么了？

 We'll have fine weather for the next few days? 以后几天天气晴朗。

 But it's still raining today! 可今天还在下雨。

 It is said it will clear up tonight

 What will it be after the clear weather? 晴天以后天气会怎么样？

 It says a storm may come next month

 And it may get colder, it's already November

 Yes, and I hope we can have some snow this winter

 I'm afraid it won't be cold enough for a snowfall

 But last year we had a big one

 Yes, but you know global warming may raise the temperature

 You are probably right

 I'm going skating in the Alps next month

 I hope the weather there is cold enough

 How are you feeling today? 你今天感觉怎么样？

 I don't feel very well

 Do you fell better now? 你现在觉得好点了吗？

 Much better

 I'm sick

 He's got a bad headache

 My fever is gone

 What's the matter with you? 你怎么啦？

 I've got a pain in my back

 It really hurts

 It hurts right here

 It's bleeding

 Call the doctor! 快打电话叫医生！

 Take two pills and have a good rest

 I hope you'll be well soon

 I get up at 8 every morning

 I then take a bath in the bathroom

 I shave, brush my teeth, and comb my hair

 I put on a bit of makeup

 I cooked breakfast for the family

 I go downstairs and have my breakfast

 I read the newspaper over breakfast

 I wake my sister up

 I dress my sister and wash her hands and face

 I get to my office at 10:30

 I leave the office at 7

 I buy some food on my way home

 I pick up my sister from her school

 We go to bed at 10:30

 What do you think about it? 你对此怎么看？

 Is that right? 那样对吗？

 Absolutely right

 I think you're mistaken about that

 Is that ok? 这样行吗？

 That's ok/fine

 That's excellent

 He was absent yesterday

 Do you have any idea? 你怎么想？

 I suppose he was sick

 Will it rain tomorrow? 明天会下雨吗？

 No, I don't think so

 Do you really want to know what I think? 你真想知道我怎么想吗？

 Please give me your advice

 I want to hear your opinion

 What do you plan to do this Friday? 明天你打算干什么？

 What are you doing next week? 下周你干什么？

 I plan to go to the concert

 I'm thinking of going to my grandma's

 I'll go skiing of the weather permits

 I suppose I can finish the project next year

 I have no idea

 It's up to you

 I'm considering buying a house

 Hi, Jack, what lessons will you take this semester? 你好，杰克，这学期

 Hi, Lucy

 I'm taking Chinese and History

 Do you plan to do some odd jobs? 你打算打工吗？

 Yes, I'm applying to work at the library

 Good luck! 祝你好运。

 It's up to you

 You have the final say

 She insists that it doesn't matter

 He's made up his mind to quit his job

 I've decided not to sell the house

 I'm determined to leave

 Have you decided? 你决定了吗？

 No, I haven't decided yet

 I've changed my mind

 It's still undecided

 Don't hesitate any more

 Give me a definite answer, please

 It's really hard to make a decision

 I'm always making resolutions, like giving up smoking

 Don't shilly-shally

 Do you like traveling? 你喜欢旅游吗？

 Yes, I've just come back from Scotland

 How did you get there? 你怎么去的？

 I got there by plane

 Where did you visit? 你去参观了哪些地方？

 I only had time to visit Edinburgh

 How did you like it? 你喜欢那儿吗？

 It's fantastic

 Why did you go there? 你为什么去那儿？

 I went there on business

 And do you have friends there? 你在那儿有朋友吗？

 Yes, a lot of friends

 You must have enjoyed yourself

 Yes, and I took many pictures

 Please let me see them

 Will you go shopping with me? 你跟我去买东西吗？

 Here's your change

 I'll go to pick up some odds and ends at the store

 Excuse me, would you tell me where I can get some butter?

 May I have a look at the watch? 我能看看这块表吗？

 May I try it on? 我能试试吗？

 This is too small for me

 Do you have any more colors? 有别的颜色吗？

 What's your size? 你穿多大号？

 It suits you to a T

 It's too expensive for me

 Can you came down a bit? 可以再便宜点吗？

 I'll take it

 How much is it? 这卖多少钱？

 How much do I owe you? 我该付多少钱？

 What would you like to eat? 你想吃点什么？

 Are you ready to order? 你要点菜了吗？

 I'd like some steak and bread

 What would you like for dessert? 你要什么甜点？

 I'll have some ice cream

 Do you want some fruit? 你要水果吗？

 Yes, please

 Anything to drink? 喝点什么？

 A small glass of whisky, please

 Here is your food

 Bring me the bill please

 Can I pay by check or credit card? 我能用支票或信用卡吗？

 Sorry, we only take cash

 Here you are

 Here is your change

 I'm free tonight

 Shall we go to the cinema? 我们去看电影好吗？

 Do you know what's on tonight? 你知道今天上演什么？

 May I ask you for a dance? 可以请你跳支舞吗？

 With pleasure

 Sorry, I'm engaged

 What about another dance? 再跳一曲好吗？

 You're a good dancer

 What's on Channel 8 now? 现在8频道播什么节目？

 I don't know

 Let's see what else is on

 Did you see the special last night? 昨晚你看特别节目了吗？

 I don't want to see any more of this TV show

 Can we change the channel? 能换个频道吗？

 I want to see the weather

 I'd like to make an appointment with Mrs

 She's free on Friday and Saturday

 Sorry, can I see her before Friday? 对不起，我能周五之前见她吗？

 Let me see

 At what time? 什么时间？

 From 4 to 4:30

 All right

 So you'll come then

 I have an interview this afternoon

 I can come any time except Sunday

 You can reach me at 6609823

 He phoned to cancel the meeting

 Please call me before you come

 Please make an appointment with my secretary

 I have to change my appointment from Monday to Thursday

 What's your trouble? 你有什么不舒服？

 How long have you had it? 你得这病多久了？

 I should say you've caught a cold

 You need an injection

 Is it serious? 我的病严重吗？

 Do I need to be hospitalized? 我需要住院吗？

 Have you seen the doctor? 你看过医生了吗？

 What did the doctor say? 医生怎么说？

 Jack is up and about now

 The doctor says that I should take quinine

 What sort of medicine do you take? 你吃的是什么药？

 The doctor says that I should not eat anything oily

 I had a shot of penicillin

 You have to be operated on

 He gave me a chest X-ray and took my blood pressure

 Hello

 Just a moment

 Hold on

 He's not in

 Yes, please

 Would you answer the phone please? 你能接下电话吗？

 I want to make a long distance call

 This is Mary Speaking

 Would you tell Mr

 I must have dialed a wrong number

 I couldn't get through

 I have to hang up now

 Would you call back tomorrow? 你能明天回个电话吗？

 There's something wrong with the phone

 I tried to call you, but the line was busy

 I have received a letter from my cousin

 I haven't heard from him for a long time

 Send a postcard to me when you arrive in Shanghai

 I put some photographs in the envelope

 He hasn't answered my letter yet

 My mother mailed me a parcel

 We keep in touch with each other by Email since he left China

 Don't forget to put stamps on your letter

 How long does it take for a letter to get to America from Beijing?

 You've got an express mail

 To make it fast, you can send a fax

 My mother has sent me a registered letter, I guess she has something important to tell me

 I find my name on the blackboard

 Do you want to airmail it or not? 你想发航空信吗？

 I drop the letter into the mailbox in front of the Post Office

 You look radiant tonight

 It was a terrible experience

 I am on top of the world

 The dinner was wonderful

 The Christmas tree is gorgeous

 What a boring movie it is! 多么无聊的一场电影啊。

 How can he give us such a tedious lecture! 他怎么能做这么沉闷乏味的演

 How fragrant the flowers are! 这些花真香！

 The party is making too much noise

 You look elegant in that dress

 The coat doesn't suit you

 His flattery makes me sick

 We had a good time

 We enjoyed ourselves very much

 I am bored to death

 This house is for rent

 It's really a bargain

 I want to rent a furnished house

 That house is for sale

 What kind of furniture do you like? 你喜欢什么样的家具？

 This is a rather old house

 I want an apartment with two bedrooms and a kitchen

 The houses downtown are very expensive

 How much is the rent for a month? 每月租金多少？

 I feel at home living here

 We have a few kitchen things and a dining room set

 There's no gas range in the kitchen, but you can use the electric stove

 There is a shower in the bathroom

 I have a dog, but it's very quiet

 The room has a big closet

 What will you wear for the party? 晚会上你穿什么？

 I'll wear my blue dress

 Don't you think it's too formal? 你不觉得太正式了吗？

 Why? What will you wear? 为什么？你会穿什么？

 Just my shirt and jeans

 You should have your suit cleaned and ironed

 You'd better put on your jacket

 The blouse no longer fits me

 My son has outgrown these trousers

 The shoes are worn-out

 I don't like wearing the uniform

 Do you want to change before the banquet? 宴会前你想换衣服吗？

 Your shoe lace is loose

 You forgot to fasten the collar buttons

 Take off your hat

 He is a very creative student

 What you have said about this is very interesting

 I cannot agree with you on this point

 You've got the point

 That's the point

 The whole class is in a heated discussion

 Let's just run through the arguments for and against

 Please sum up what you said just now

 Has anybody else anything to say on this? 关于这点，谁还有什么别的要说

 Does anybody share David's opinion? 有谁同意大卫的观点吗？

 Is there any evidence to support what you have said? 有什么证据可以支持

 Well, it depends

 I don't think it's necessary for us to discuss this question any further

 There are always two sides to everything

 Finally, we came to an agreement

 I want to be a journalist after graduation

 If it doesn't rain tomorrow, we'll have a picnic

 As soon as he comes, we'll let him know

 You can stay as long as you pay the rent on time

 When she leaves, he'll cry for a day

 She will go into business when she likes to

 I'll leave for London if I finish my work today

 I'll work for 5 years and then go back to school

 He will become a writer if he goes on doing well in writing

 I hope he will meet me at the airport

 I'm thinking of quitting the job

 I plan to learn photography

 What do you say we have a party this weekend? 我们周末开个派对，你觉得

 She will certainly remain single

 He will probably follow in his father's footsteps

 I would have had a much better holiday if I had stayed at home

 What have you been doing since I saw you last time?

 If I had got enough money yesterday, I would have bought that tape

 Looking back on it, I think I shouldn't have given up the contest so easily

 Had I taken a taxi, I wouldn't have been late

 Even if you take the exam again, you won't pass it

 Even if you had given him much more money, he might not have paid off the debt

 What would you have done if you hadn't gone out for a picnic yesterday?

 I wish I had told him the truth

 I wish you hadn't cheated me

 If it had been fine, we would have gone to the park

 Would he have seen you if you hadn't waved to him?

 You should have studied much harder

 I had thought about arguing with the teacher about that, but I didn't have enough courage

 I had thought about living with my grandparents when my parents went abroad last year

 What's your favorite sport? 你最喜欢什么运动？

 I like football best

 Football is my favorite

 Which do you prefer, fishing or mountain-climbing? 钓鱼和登山，你更喜欢

 Neither

 What do you like best, apples, pears, or bananas? 苹果，梨，香蕉，你最

 He's crazy about Michael Jordan

 She hates boxing

 She is sick of watching boxing

 She has good taste in clothes

 What do you like to do in your spare time? 空闲时你喜欢干什么？

 I like collecting stamps

 I prefer tea to coffee

 What do you dislike most about this movie? 这部电影你最不喜欢什么？

 I would rather sleep than watch this movie

 You should take the advice of your teacher

 That's just what I was looking for

 It might be, I suppose

 Good try, but not quite right

 That's rather disappointing

 In my opinion, your new coat is not worth so much money

 Would you mind not spitting everywhere? 不要随地吐痰行吗？

 It's only a suggestion, you don't have to take it

 If you really want my advice I don't think you should quit school

 Thanks for your advice but I have to consider it myself

 He does not pay attention to anybody

 I am old enough to make up my own mind

 Your work seems not satisfactory

 What about your opinion? 你怎么想？

 I generally agree with you

 Would you open the door for me, please? 你能替我开门吗？

 With pleasure

 Would you mind opening the window? 你介意开窗吗？

 Not at all

 I wondered if you could buy me some pencils? 我不知道你是否能替我买铅笔

 Sure

 Would you be so kind as to lend me some money? 你能借我一点儿钱吗？

 No problem

 I hope I'm not bothering you

 I hope that will not cause you too much trouble

 I really appreciate your help

 I don't want to put you to any trouble

 Excuse me, would you give me a hand? 对不起，你能帮我个忙吗？

 I'd be glad to help

 Would you mind mailing this letter for me? 你能替我寄这封信吗？

 I have so many things to do before I leave

 I have to drop by the bank to get some money

 Traveler's check's are very convenient for long-distance travel

 Do you have anything to declare? 你有什么东西要向海关申报的吗？

 You have to apply for a passport in advance

 You don't have to pay any duty on personal belongings

 Make it an hour and a half

 Shall we ask Betty to join us? 我们应该叫贝蒂一起去吗？

 I put myself entirely in your hands

 Can you tell me the phone number of the inquiry office?

 Do you like to take a local train or an express? 你想坐普通车还是特快？

 I have bought a ticket for a sleeper

 Have you reserved your ticket? 你订票了吗？

 I would never have thought of it if you hadn't mentioned it

 I will see you off at the railway station

 Where are you from? 你来自哪儿？

 What's your nationality? 你是什么国籍？

 What's your motherland? 你祖国是哪儿？

 Are you a native Chinese? 你是土生土长的中国人吗？

 What's the population of China? 中国有多少人口？

 How many provinces do you have? 你们有多少个区？

 What's the capital of your country? 贵国首都是哪儿？

 I come from Japan

 I was born in China and brought up in the U

 My country has an area of 500,000 square kilometers

 The capital of my country id Beijing

 We have 50 provinces

 My country is rich in natural resources

 That nation is famous for its tourism

 The biggest festival in my country is the Spring Festival

 Geographically, China is located in the Northern Hemisphere

 In this country, the weather is usually very awful

 It is a very beautiful country with many mountains

 This country is famous for its beautiful lakes

 The land in this region is rather dry and parched

 Along the northern coast of this continent, there are many crags

 In Brazil, many ancient forests are very well preserves

 Lumbering is very important in some underdeveloped countries

 The scenery is very beautiful in the small islands in the Pacific Oceans

 What kind of climate do you have in this country? 这个国家的气候如何？

 In the west of America, there are many high peeks and deep canyons

 Which one is the longest river in China? 中国哪条河流最长？

 Do you get much rain in summer? 这里夏天雨水多吗？

 Is the plain along the river good for farming? 河畔的平原易于发展农业吗

 It's cold and foggy in London at this time of the year

 Every one must receive 9 years of compulsory education

 Children enter primary school at the age of 7

 Some students quit school due to poverty

 There is fierce competition in the college Entrance Examination

 He majored in Computers

 She is working for her double major in English and Economics

 I graduated from Yale University 5 years ago

 It is desirable to apply to good schools

 Mary is in her freshman year

 Lily is a Sophomore now

 Mike is already a junior

 As a senior, Peter is writing his thesis

 Mr

 In Britain, there are open universities

 There are many training classed and night classes

 What does your father do? 你父亲做什么工作？

 He is a doctor

 Do you have any plan for your career? 你对未来有什么计划吗？

 I want to be a pilot of possible

 I hope that I can get a decent job with a good salary

 I have an interview next week

 Tom has opened his own business while his classmates are still slogging away at school

 I like writing, but I wouldn't take it as my career

 I worked as an intern in that firm last summer

 He's a very efficient young man though a little proud

 He made a successful career in business

 My cousin has just been promoted to the rank of major

 He is a manager of a famous corporation

 The statesman retired as the mayor of New York

 He was appointed president of the committee recently

 This area is noted for its rich soil

 The place is too stony for farming

 In the flat country, people grow wheat and raise cattle

 He has bought 10 tractors for the village

 What's the typical farm product in this region? 这个地区典型的农产品是

 At this time of the year farmers begin to plow their fields

 Have you milked the cows? 你已经挤过奶了吗？

 Pile the hay in the corner

 What's the average yearly output of cars in your factory?

 The meat packing industry is developing fast

 Car manufacturers are having a bad time

 State-owned enterprises are getting out of difficulty

 How many workshops are there in your factory? 你们厂有多少车间？

 The computer industry is booming

 The information industry helps boost the global economy

 Do you have any hobbies? 你有什么爱好吗？

 What are you interested in? 你对什么比较感兴趣？

 What are your interests? 你的爱好是什么？

 What do you do in your spare time? 空闲时间你干什么？

 How do you spend your evenings? 夜生活你都是怎么过的？

 Lots of people like stamp collecting

 I am a Michael Jordan fan

 Does his film appeal to you? 你喜欢他的电影吗？

 Do you go on picnics? 你常去郊游吗？

 I particularly like English literature

 What's so interesting about football? We girls don't like it

 She has a particular interest in painting

 I often take my mind off my work by reading an interesting novel

 He plays violin just for enjoyment

 Photography is an expensive hobby

 What's your favorite sport? 你最喜欢什么活动？

 I like football

 What position do you play? 你踢什么位置？

 I'm a catcher

 Our team beat their team yesterday

 We are sure to defeat them

 How many years have you been playing pingpong? 你打乒乓球多少年了？

 My favorite winter sport is skiing

 The basketball championship is exciting

 I was on the track team 10 years ago

 I prefer fishing to swimming

 She is a member of the ski club

 The hardest thing to learn is to be a good loser

 My class went camping last summer

 He's good at lifting weights

 I subscribed to a lot of periodicals last year

 Tom reads newspapers in the afternoon

 What kind of newspapers do you read? 你读什么样的报纸？

 Newspapers and periodicals keep me updated on current affairs

 What column do you like best? 你最喜欢哪个栏目？

 Which do you like better, the news or the editorial? 新闻和评论你最喜欢

 Do you read advertisements too? 你也看广告吗？

 I recommend to you Time and Newsweek

 Fashion is a very popular magazine in America

 What's the circulation of this magazine? 这杂志发行量怎么样？

 Why don't you put an advertisement in the paper to sell that old car?

 I once took a part-time job delivering the Evening Post

 Have you read the article about the rescue of the hostage?

 There was much news in the morning paper today

 My friend Tom is a reporter for the New York Times

 What channel are you watching now? 现在你在看哪个新闻？

 There's TV coverage of the NBA tournament

 Do you have a TV guide? 你有电视节目吗？

 You'll be on air in two minutes

 Channel 5 is off the air now

 Turn up your radio please

 We can't get good pictures on our TV set

 Can this radio receive short-wave? 这个收音机能收短波吗？

 If you install an outside antenna, you will have better reception

 Turn down the radio please

 We'll have a soap opera series on TV this week

 Please tune in next time

 We're broadcasting from London

 You can receive our program at short wave 37

 There's too much static

 What's your favorite music? 你最喜欢什么音乐？

 Do you often go to a concert? 你经常去听音乐会吗？

 I hate Jazz

 Do you like pop music? 你喜欢流行音乐吗？

 I have never heard the piece before, who wrote it? 我从没听过这首曲子，

 What do you think of their skill? 你觉得他们演奏技术如何？

 I find classical concerts more to my liking than rock concerts

 I've never read a more stirring story

 He has a passion for literature

 I am most attracted by Dickens

 I never grow tired of novels though I read them everyday

 On Sundays I often spend some time reading in the library

 What do think about this poem? 你觉得这首诗怎么样？

 I like Shakespeare better than Milton

 How much do you know about the works of George Eliot?

