How long does it take for a letter to get to America from Beijing?
 You've got an express mail
 To make it fast, you can send a fax
 My mother has sent me a registered letter, I guess she has something important to tell me
 I find my name on the blackboard
 Do you want to airmail it or not? 
 I drop the letter into the mailbox in front of the Post Office
 You look radiant tonight
 It was a terrible experience
 I am on top of the world
 The dinner was wonderful
 The Christmas tree is gorgeous
 What a boring movie it is! 
 How can he give us such a tedious lecture! 
 How fragrant the flowers are! 
 The party is making too much noise
 You look elegant in that dress
 The coat doesn't suit you
 His flattery makes me sick
 We had a good time
 We enjoyed ourselves very much
 I am bored to death
 This house is for rent
 It's really a bargain
 I want to rent a furnished house
 That house is for sale
 What kind of furniture do you like? 
 This is a rather old house
 I want an apartment with two bedrooms and a kitchen
 The houses downtown are very expensive
 How much is the rent for a month? 
 I feel at home living here
 We have a few kitchen things and a dining room set
 There's no gas range in the kitchen, but you can use the electric stove
 There is a shower in the bathroom
 I have a dog, but it's very quiet
 The room has a big closet
 What will you wear for the party? 
 I'll wear my blue dress
 Don't you think it's too formal? 
 Why? What will you wear? 
 Just my shirt and jeans
 You should have your suit cleaned and ironed
 You'd better put on your jacket
 The blouse no longer fits me
 My son has outgrown these trousers
 The shoes are worn-out
 I don't like wearing the uniform
 Do you want to change before the banquet? 
 Your shoe lace is loose
 You forgot to fasten the collar buttons
 Take off your hat
 He is a very creative student
 What you have said about this is very interesting
 I cannot agree with you on this point
 You've got the point
 That's the point
 The whole class is in a heated discussion
 Let's just run through the arguments for and against
 Please sum up what you said just now
 Has anybody else anything to say on this? 
 Does anybody share David's opinion? 
 Is there any evidence to support what you have said? 
 Well, it depends
 I don't think it's necessary for us to discuss this question any further
 There are always two sides to everything
 Finally, we came to an agreement
 I want to be a journalist after graduation
 If it doesn't rain tomorrow, we'll have a picnic
 As soon as he comes, we'll let him know
 You can stay as long as you pay the rent on time
 When she leaves, he'll cry for a day
 She will go into business when she likes to
 I'll leave for London if I finish my work today
 I'll work for 5 years and then go back to school
 He will become a writer if he goes on doing well in writing
 I hope he will meet me at the airport
 I'm thinking of quitting the job
 I plan to learn photography
 What do you say we have a party this weekend? 
 She will certainly remain single
 He will probably follow in his father's footsteps
 I would have had a much better holiday if I had stayed at home
 What have you been doing since I saw you last time?
 If I had got enough money yesterday, I would have bought that tape
 Looking back on it, I think I shouldn't have given up the contest so easily
 Had I taken a taxi, I wouldn't have been late
 Even if you take the exam again, you won't pass it
 Even if you had given him much more money, he might not have paid off the debt
 What would you have done if you hadn't gone out for a picnic yesterday?
 I wish I had told him the truth
 I wish you hadn't cheated me
 If it had been fine, we would have gone to the park
 Would he have seen you if you hadn't waved to him?
 You should have studied much harder
 I had thought about arguing with the teacher about that, but I didn't have enough courage
 I had thought about living with my grandparents when my parents went abroad last year
 What's your favorite sport? 
 I like football best
 Football is my favorite
 Which do you prefer, fishing or mountain-climbing?
